DP-14: Update Administration docs (#5854)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/admin/mib.adoc

By default, {page-component-title} includes an extensive list of MIB definitions from a number of vendors.
You will only need to import MIB files for unformatted events as part of configuring SNMP traps and collection.

You can parse SNMP MIB definitions and create {page-component-title} event definitions from any `TRAP-TYPE` or `NOTIFICATION-TYPE` macros that they contain through the UI.
You can also generate data collection definitions from `OBJECT-TYPE` symbols defined in a MIB file.

You can use the `mib2opennms` command line utility to help create event definitions from MIB definitions.
Using the UI editor achieves similar results to using `mib2events`.

> NOTE: We do not recommend using using `mib2opennms`, as it produces more bus errors than event definitions.

Reviewer: "using using"?

[[mib-import]]
== Import MIB and create event definitions

To import a MIB file and create event definitions, follow these steps:

. Save the vendor MIB file to a location available to your local workstation.
The MIB file does not need to be accessible by the server.

> . In {page-component-title}, click the *gears* icon at the top-right of the page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In {page-component-title}, click the *gears* icon at the top-right of the page.
```

. Under Additional Tools, select *SNMP MIB Compiler*.
. Click *Upload MIB*.
. Select the MIB file and click *Open*.
. Right-click the file and choose *Compile MIB*.
. If the log area displays an error (usually a missing dependency), you must correct the error to compile the MIB file successfully.
** Determine the type of error (dependency, file syntax).

> ** Google the name of the missing content, save it as a text file, upload it, and compile again.

Reviewer: We should probably change this to "Search the Internet for" instead of "Google..."

Author: ```suggestion
** Search the internet for the name of the missing content, save it as a text file, upload it, and compile again.
```
